reference/configuration: add description about TiDB txn-total-size-limit (#2002)
pingcap/docs: reference/configuration/tidb-server/configuration-file.md

- Default value: `5000`
- If a transaction does not roll back or commit after the number of statements exceeds `stmt-count-limit`, TiDB returns the `statement count 5001 exceeds the transaction limitation, autocommit = false` error. This configuration takes effect **only** in the retriable optimistic transaction. If you use the pessimistic transaction or have disabled the transaction retry, the number of statements in a transaction is not limited by this configuration.

### `txn-total-size-limit`

- The size limit of a transaction.

> - Default value: `104857600`

Reviewer: What about adding a time unit?

Author: In the description, it says "size in bytes"  @TomShawn

> - The total key-value entries size in bytes should be less than this value. Note, if the `binlog` is enabled, this value should be less than 104857600(100M), because of the limitation of the binlog component; If `binlog` is not enabled, the maximum value of this configuration is 10737418240(10G).

Reviewer 2: Should we set a lower limit, if the size is too low, TiDB will not start? This comment may not be related to the documentation.

Author: Not necessary. Our customers are sane enough.

> - The total key-value entries size in bytes should be less than this value. Note, if the `binlog` is enabled, this value should be less than 104857600(100M), because of the limitation of the binlog component; If `binlog` is not enabled, the maximum value of this configuration is 10737418240(10G).

Reviewer: Does `binlog` mean TiDB Binlog?
```suggestion
- The total size of all key-value entries in bytes should be less than this value. Note that if the `binlog` is enabled, this value should be less than `104857600` (which means 100MB), because of the limitation of the binlog component. If `binlog` is not enabled, the maximum value of this configuration is `10737418240` (which means 10GB).
```
